Test application generator improvements (#4323)
DFE-Digital/apply-for-teacher-training: app/views/api_docs/vendor_api_docs/pages/release_notes.md

## 22nd March

The following experimental/sandbox endpoint has been updated:

- `/test-data/generate` is now asynchronous. A POST request to this endpoint will queue a job to generate the specified test applications.
The list of created application IDs will no longer be returned.

> Any applications will become available as soon as they have been generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new applications will become available as soon as they have been generated.
```

> Applications generated in this way will now have their `updated_at` set to the current time, so they can be retrieved using the `GET /applications` endpoint with the `since` parameter.

Reviewer: Maybe bullet these? Markdown collapses them all onto one line, which is less readable
